what if he changes what if it actually
would work out what if you would just
give him one more chance okay but what
if not hi guys welcome back to my
channel my name is Michaela and today we
are talking about getting over your EGS
and I don't mean just pretending to be
fine distracting yourself with work
distracting yourself with other guys no
I mean actually reaching the point where
you are so over it let's get into this
first of all losing him isn't the real
loss losing yourself is we are always so
scared of losing people we hold on we
Bend we shrink we compromise but have
you ever asked yourself why have you
ever asked yourself what am I
sacrificing to keep keep this person in
my life because you can lose people and
you will survive at the end right but
losing
yourself that's freaking
dangerous and if you're are saying right
now but I love him sure but at what
price what price are you paying for this
love your peace your confidence your
happiness your safety that's not love
baby girl you know what this is It's
self-abandonment and no man on this
whole world on this whole planet of
Earth is worth you betraying
yourself no matter how good he seems to
be how good he seems to look how good
you think this person is for you if it's
costing yourself it's not worth it I
want you to think about why did you let
him go in the first place because most
of the time if we break up with someone
it's because of a reason it's not some
random decision the reason was you were
being hurt the reason was you were not
being happy the reason was you were not
feeling fulfilled the reason was you
were being abused worst case whatever it
was it was something that made you feel
like you deserve something better than
this but then of course when loneliness
kicks in when you're trying to forget
this person but then you're thinking
about him you are romanticizing him we
are all doing that we start
romanticizing everything and we only see
the good things because we tend to scrap
away the bad things the bad memories so
if you're looking back and you see Only
the Good moments of course it's hard of
course you will think wow that was the
love of my life I'm missing the love of
my life I'm doing a big mistake here but
what exactly were those good moments
what exactly made this person so special
so magic for you when we are in love we
see all the good things in someone right
we see Only the Good traits especially
in the beginning and what we keep doing
then is that we project our own
qualities onto them our kindness our
love our ambition and we mistake that
for who they really are and you know
what the worst thing of this is that you
block your own Blessings by staying with
someone that doesn't treat you well by
staying with someone that you think is
so great but actually those are your
qualities that you are projecting onto
them just think about it you are
obviously working so hard on yourself
you are kind you are good-hearted you
are working on your beauty on your
personal growth on your mindset you are
working really throughout on you to be
the best version of yourself maybe you
even work on your business God forbid
you pay the bills for your men and in
the meanwhile this guy is sitting on the
sofa doing nothing doing nothing to
improve himself not even raising one
finger to heal himself and to grow but
you are the one
suffering how does that work you put in
the work and someone else gets the
blessings you put in the energy someone
else
receives the energy usually in this
world when you put out something and
your actions your energy your vibration
everything in you is aligning with what
you want in life you will get it back
sooner or later but if you are giving
and you are not getting the same back
you are blocking your blessings you are
telling the universe I'm fine with what
I get right now and all the work I put
in I don't even want more I don't even
want better think about an apple if you
put one rotten apple next to a juicy
fresh really nice good looking Apple
what will happen the rotten one spreads
and will ruin the fresh and good apple
so ask yourself are you truly becoming a
better person with this man in your life
or are you slowly rotting waiting and
hoping that he will change the next
thing is when you go through the stage
of missing him I want you to ask
yourself are you really missing this
person or are you simply scared of being
alone are you scared of the change are
you scared of that uncomfort that it
comes with because sometimes most of the
times we don't really miss this person
we miss the routine we miss the Comfort
we miss the that someone is here all the
time and I absolutely get it being alone
being by yourself is challenging
sometimes you have to really face
yourself you have to face your own
shadow you have to face your own fears
you have to face your own imperfections
you are also not perfect I'm not perfect
nobody is perfect we all can work on us
right but of course when we sit by
ourselves all these dark sides of Us
come up we have to face them and that
can be scary that can be challenging
because there is nobody distracting you
from your insecurities from your fears
from your need for validation from your
wounds but honestly running back to the
wrong person just because you are scared
of facing yourself is like drinking
being poison because you're thirsty this
is actually a time you have to use to
get to know you to heal to grow to
ReDiscover your passion your Hobbits to
fall in love with your presence by
yourself and let me tell you something a
lot of people are actually not staying
in relationships because they are happy
they are staying because they are scared
they will not find someone better for
example they are afraid of making the
wrong choice making the wrong decision
but when you do that you actually stay
because of fear and when you stay with
someone just because of fear without
even realizing you lower your standards
you convince yourself it's not that bad
every relationship has problems maybe
this is just how love is but people
don't talk about no honey and deep down
you know the truth Tru you are settling
and settling doesn't just mean that
you're settling or accepting something
less what you deserve settling means
you're actually blocking yourself from
getting something better the universe is
not going to hand you something what you
truly deserve what you truly want when
you hold on something that is hurting
you you first have to make space for new
things you first have to make space
space for what you want the next thing
is love isn't always enough and I know
this hurts but it's the truth sometimes
two people stay together but they are
simply not compatible two kind-hearted
good-hearted people but they are not
compatible and that's something you have
to accept because Love Alone doesn't fix
communication issues it doesn't fix
different values in life it doesn't fix
emotional unavailability it doesn't fix
lack of respect and it definitely
doesn't fix the inability to make each
other feel safe if you think about it if
you would start a business and you're
looking for that business partner you're
not going for someone that you simply
like you need someone that aligns with
your vision that can complement your
strengths and someone that makes the
business going that makes the business
drive and that's the same in
relationships if you are a woman with
the desire to have deep emotional
intimacy and really wants to connect on
a deep emotional level but you are with
someone who is emotional unavailable and
avoids emotions completely you can love
the that person as much as you want you
will always feel disconnected unseen and
unhappy and on the other side him he
will always feel overwhelmed he doesn't
know what to do or if you are a
self-improving high value woman and you
are always working on yourself and
leveling up but you are with a man who
is stagnant avoids growth avoids to get
in uncomfortable
situations you will feel drained and he
will feel like he is in the wrong place
so if you had to fight all the time for
the bare minimum to feel seen to feel
safe to feel understood and fulfilled
then love was never the problem it's
compatibility and if you're thinking
right now but what if we were meant to
be but what if he finally starts to work
on himself to do his growth Journey to
actually heal his wounds then great but
that's not in your power and you cannot
force it and you still have to let it go
first you can never ever Chase it the
best love stories don't come from
chasing they come from alignment so you
need to align first with what and who
you want in life and then if your
favorite person decides to come to your
level to align with you you amazing but
this only happens when you let go
because when you don't let go then you
trying to force it and you're trying to
make it happen
desperately when you are desperate for
something you are ignoring
incompatibilities you are ignoring red
flakes you are ignoring what you truly
want and that's energy of luck and
energy of luck will do what a ract more
energy of luck you actually need to know
with confidence when something doesn't
work out it's only delaying to get what
you actually want you can't be afraid to
walk away from a man that simply doesn't
align with your values because you 100%
know something better is coming the next
thing is I want you to kind of rev your
mindset about men so every time you
think think about your ex every time you
are starting to go on that memory lane
don't sit in it do something that you
absolutely love make it a rule for
example I love to go for a walk outside
I love to get my matcha I love to see my
friends so if you're thinking about your
ex every time make a rule and do that
immediately call your friends go for a
walk go to the gym take a pilates class
reward yourself every time time you
start to think about him because you
stop to think about him while you're
doing that you're actually rebuilding
your life that you will end up so
fulfilled with yourself in your life
with nobody in it that even if tomorrow
he would come back you wouldn't trade
him someone that doesn't align with your
values for your precious fulfilled life
and then I want you to do another
exercise get some paper and a pen and
write down exactly what you want from a
man write down all qualities from your
dream man every single thing I want him
to be masculine I want him to have a
provider mindset I want him to be
emotional available I want him to be
respectful I want him to never ever
shout at me I want him to be a
communicator I want him to be able to
hold space for me when I'm emotional I
want him to adore woman and Womanhood
and appreciate what women are here for
in this world I want someone that makes
me feel safe brings me flowers every
week shows appreciation loves to spoil
me loves to compliment me never makes me
beg for the bare minimum is s successful
has a growth mindset has his wounds
healed and so on like literally every
single thing do not miss even one and
then ask yourself did my ex actually
check all of these boxes if not and you
knew without a doubt that tomorrow
morning 900 a.m. your dream partner with
all those qualities would walk into your
door would you still want your X I doubt
it and I promise you one thing the man
that you want with all those qualities
does exist and is waiting for you the
thing is you cannot attract that man if
you are still entertaining men who are
the truly opposite of what you actually
want and after all of this if you still
want to go back go back babe go back do
it and I don't mean that as a joke
seriously
if you feel like you need to go back and
learn that lesson again then do it and
there is no judgment there is no shame
we have all done it you just need to go
back and suffer until you have had
enough from it sometimes we just haven't
suffered enough sometimes we are not
exhausted enough to let go so just go
back with the belief that everything
will be better is going to to be better
do your best do your everything until
you're so exhausted from that cycle that
you finally are able to break it at some
point you will reach to that moment
where you have had enough anyways guys I
hope this could help some of you I love
you so much and I see you in my next
video bye-bye